About Quinten:
Quinten is a seasoned professional with expertise in cybersecurity, threat research,
federal security compliance, and software development. Holding a Master of Science in 
Criminal Justice/Forensic Psychology from Liberty University, and a Bachelor of Arts
in Criminology from the University of South Carolina, Quinten is committed to delivering
innovative solutions and offers valuable insights in cybersecurity.

Work Experience:
Federal Staff Consultant at A-lign (May 2023 - Present),
OSINT Analyst/Developer at Overt Operator (Jan 2023 - Present),
Technical Service Technician at Patterson Dental (May 2021 - May 2023),
Risk Security Analyst at PwC (January 2020 - May 2021),
Pharmaceuticals Investigator at Nephron Pharmaceuticals (March 2019 – October 2019),
Police Officer at Batesburg-Leesville Police Department (January 2018 – March 2019),
Military Police in the United States Army (March 2013 – June 2015)

Career Goal:
Quinten's career goal is to leverage his expertise in cybersecurity and emerging technologies 
to drive meaningful innovation and create solutions that positively impact businesses and society.,

Skills: 
Cybersecurity, Threat Research, OSINT, Investigations, Federal Security Compliance, Software Development, Python, Agile, Jira, Trello, Streamlit, Github, Git, CockroachDB, MongoDB, APIs

Certification:
ITIL v4 Foundation – Information Technology Infrastructure Library
Security+ (Expired April 2023)

Achievements:
Authored a comprehensive threat report on APT37, a sophisticated nation-state hacking group.
Developed a Python-based informational hub tracking ransomware groups, tactics, and threats.

Contact:
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/qepting
Github: https://github.com/qepting91
Email: qepting91@gmail.com 

Strengths and Advantages:
Quinten's strengths lie in a profound passion for technology and problem solving. A true jack of all trades, that is willing to take on any problem no matter how tough.

Weaknesses and Disadvantages:
Quinten does not have the professional experience that some employers are after, but makes up with the constant drive to deliver value through projects within Overt Operator. Developing internal tools to automate and optimize taskings.

Hobbies and Interests
Outside of my professional pursuits, I am deeply involved in fostering the growth and expansion of Overt Operator, where I contribute my insights and skills to enhance our collective capabilities. My passion for technology also finds an outlet in my dedication to a full-stack development bootcamp, where I'm honing my abilities in web development. When not immersed in technological endeavors, I cherish the time spent with my four children, celebrating life's milestones such as welcoming our youngest in October 2023. My leisure moments are often filled with the joy of family activities, and when time allows, I find relaxation in the simplicity of life's everyday pleasures.

Portfolio:
Explore Quinten's portfolio of innovative projects at https://palmetto.notion.site/The-Epting-Maker-s-Studio-0ea2942922a24ab3b7cd9a78774bd3d1?pvs=4, showcasing expertise and tailored solutions. This website also serves as a repository of some of my projects. Constructed using Python, databases, API calls, (soon to be more HTML, CSS, and JS), the website aims to inspire innovation!


References:
References are available upon request.
